Hello,

I want to express my gratitude for this great machine. This is is not my first time contacting customer service, and I was previously expressing stress and anxiety because I lacked a computer for schoolwork. I was delighted to recieve this laptop earlier than expected, and I am so pleased with its performance.

I do have a few minor problems that probably have to do with changing my OS to Ubuntu. Is there a specific software package or a guide you can point me to to fix these problems?

Logging in after sleep/suspend takes a while. Eventually it says, "verification timed out," and I have to restart. This happens most times I open the laptop.

The status indicator lights on the lower bezel of the display are always off.


At the moment, what I am doing is looking at data for magnification curves, slicing out the magnification curve, and analyzing the data for a 'constant magnitude measurement.' So I'm modeling the distribution of the constant magnitude with different formulas: Gaussian, Lorentzian, 'Student T,' etc. I have never taken any statistics course in my life, (Thermal & Statistical Physics is irrelevant), so I have some research to do on a very niche subsection of statistics. Because I need to act like a data analyst, but I don't know what directions to go.







Dear Mr. Strang,

I was so happy to see your email. I was traveling yesterday so please excuse my late reply as well.

Happy to meet via Zoom at any time, as I will continue to work remotely here in Connecticut until I complete my degree in late May. Hopefully I will be able to travel back to the UK shortly thereafter and can make myself available for an in-person meeting at your conveniance.

Again, thank you for considering me.

Sincerely,
Jack

Dear Mr. Rupert,

I hope you're well. I just wanted to let you know that I received an optimistic email from Mr. Strang the other day, updating me on his thoughts about my working with the Shetland Space Center.

I wanted to thank you again for introducing me to him. I am extremely excited about the possibility of becoming a part of this organization. Thank you.

Sincerely,
Jack


Dear Todd,

I have somewhat unfortunate news, which is that because of limited flight availability, I am going to Scotland from May 22nd to the 29th. It's rather annoying, because this is the only way I can get my stuff.

Also, when would be a good time for me to have introductions and such?

Best,
Jack


Dear Mr. Goldrich,

Thank you so much for agreeing to talk with me. There's a lot to think about these days. I just finished by last exam, and if all goes well, I will be graduating with a degree in physics from the University of St. Andrews.

I chose physics, because I have always hoped that my career would be associated with the engineering / space industyr. But now, here I am, about to graduate and not sure how to begin. I'd love any guidance you could give me.

If there is a good time on your calendar for a phone call, I'm sure I can make it work on my end.

Thanks so much again.

Sincerely,
Jack Symonds

P.S.
In case it helps, here is my resume.



Dear Mr. Strang

I wanted to let you know that I will be in Scotland from May 23rd to May 29th. I will be flying in and out of Edinburgh and will need to spend a few days in St. Andrews packing up my stuff.

However, if you would like ot have a quick in-person meeting, I'd be happy to try and figure out a way to make that happen.

Best,
Jack


Dear Members,

My name is Jack, and I am extremely excited to be a part of the tennis community this summer


That's great and all, but I believe that I can offer something that they can't.
If the last couple of years have been difficult for you, and you are in need of a triumphant win in your life,

On the other hand, if these uncertain times have deprived you of victory in your life, 

my less-than-professional skills

Additionally, to amplify the triumph, for a limited time I can offer the following add-ons to the package.



- WWE-style entrance complete with theme music and a championship belt over the shoulder
- a scoff and a chortle as I refuse to shake hands
- insulting your eyesight by declaring that my shots were clearly in when they weren't
- loudly calling out of bounds on roughly half of the points
- demanding a ball boy
- rolling on the ground faking a knee injury
- screaming at Tommy claiming that the court has not been rolled enough
- gaslighting you about what the score actually is
- throwing a temper tantrum as I lose


Hey Jacques,

Any chance we can catch up in the next few days?


Hey Jacques,
wanted to let you know that I am also available next week if it works better.


Hey Jacques,

I remember that we said I'd start around the wintertime. What day exactly were you thinking?

Best,
Jack


